alright guys it's really one service
that was my cat's eye but sorry about
the bad quality ya need a webcam soon um
what sorry um I regain my fans are it's
really nice oh I'll show you the trick
as soon as I get my hat off here ok so
here's the drugs they move very well I
flying carpet oh yeah that you um when
the other side to say I'm so over your
top you just like my other review out
there reveal all the tank itself so
there's a technique like face of the
time oh I thought I did really well on
it um got a window right there clear
face just like you don't warn except
doesn't have a hatch like in front of it
what does have openers matches like my
one right in front of it so it looks
like a guy doesn't it I'm learning
machine gun design that's right there I
got your headlights and mud flaps right
there extra piece of tribes like them
okay what's this kid does um sorry brown
pieces of course naturally detail so
i'll show you the bathroom yeah it's
also smoked oh these all right there
little bars
you have really cool runs right here in
Boyle here sir we actually move up
playable so like the German can link it
in their sleep there's different so
that's just a little oil thing right
there in the middle you got a little
spring through where you're going out
like whatever you want this is where the
turret goes sonali should i need the
side detail it's all smooth it's got a
few miles we've got a girlfriend stuff
it's all so you're good I think that's
pretty cool oh it's really big actually
um so that's a good thing its many big
scale it's prove it I think like not try
something Packer they bite spoke with a
minifig scale so probably my best jobs
I've ever done so the bottom so yeah
I'll probably make a better quality
video later so I want to make sure I got
um I look at a picture online it's our
vehicle and I'll up your picture online
of the real tank and this is what i came
up with basically all I mean I looked at
some pictures and flickered you but I I
mean I'd really did anything like I
don't like the copy and stuff this is
supposed to be down what I have this
open up board and other people's models
so on the sides of people i
think--'cause like the turrets like
slope angle up ticket actually as
supposed to and so yeah and then it's
got matching everything put whatever you
want back then of course your match go
round piece
oh and then you got your little pinky
machine gun metal probably update later
right there and then the barrel is
pretty folks and there's up always up
with that and just clips and on one of
these things I'm light new instructions
I don't know if is this took me over
three days to build so your app I really
don't want to take apart and do all that
because I just think it's a waste of
time I'm plus a lot other people just
saying oh so they can this phone copier
so I'll show your full view okay i'm
using quick capture so side you don't
you like that mudflap things these are
extremely fragile come alive little one
and over nobody is in charge so i think
the exit and this part right here if you
guys want to build a tank i'll show you
how to do it all right there you just
build platform put these on it build
something just like this put your gun
right here you know that's what it looks
like basically this
right there be machine then sprinkle
because this goes over a little bit like
everybody else and six of these like a
mini one of these but i don't know i
like my design I think it's pretty cool
the barrel yeah but if you end up making
live anything from it please give me
credit because I don't want people said
oh your design so cool and then having
it be actually my design oh there's the
bottle like these things right here so
um tell me what you think of other data
turn like what you think the good like
times and the good things are and if you
want to talk to me on skype without it
my username is like a fun one thousand a
morn um so add me um I used to have
another skype out skype account by
forgot my password so that sucks i'm
pretty sure you give them that too um
yeah so um it's pretty much here I new
movie will like coming out soon probably
by the end of December November
something worth X I'm getting supplies
for my birthday I'll go through October
13 week from today because today's
Wednesday yes um so yeah call me on
skype tell me what you think then you
credit you make it basically any people
that want a voice audition send me a
common personal message or spite me
that's pretty much it
yeah thanks guys all right come in
subscribe please 517